Good morning family, praise the Lord!
How are you all doing today? Well, thank you
for joining me. You know, I was praying
this evening and the Lord spoke to
me and said, 'Brandon, 2025 is going to
be a good year for the
believers.'I
was looking over in the
spirit and the Lord was allowing me to
see
the outpouring of
healings, the demonstrations, and the
manifestations
of the Father. You all,
we're about to see some of the most
amazing things. I'm telling you, our
forefathers—like
even 200
or
300 years ago—the people who were
looking forward to the Lord Jesus coming
and thought he was coming in their
timeframe,
folks, we're about to see the
Lord Jesus come. We're going to see a
major harvest of souls. I know I keep
telling you all this, and I've said it
over and over; I probably sound like
a
broken record, but I need you
to know it. I need you to have a deep
revelation that God is about to do
something, because he keeps telling
me,
'Brandon, I'm about to show up and
show off in your life. I want you to
believe me for bigger.'This is the second
time this week he said that. We are on
the countdown: 5, 4, 3,
2, 1, liftoff! I'm telling you, a
great move of God is about to hit this
land like you have never seen. I'm telling you:
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. It's time to
believe God for
bigger. Stretch your faith to
believe exceedingly abundantly above all
that you dare ask or think.
He said, 'Brandon, it's going to
be about the thinking.'I said this
yesterday, but
it just keeps bubbling
inside of me,
just believing. I went to a Christmas
party today and it was all I could do. I
was sitting at the front,
and
it's probably because it's a
prayer
church—you
know, our church has a lot of
intercessory prayer that goes forth out of
there—but
I was sitting toward the
front where they had the dinner, and
I felt like
travail was
hitting me in the middle of the
Christmas party. People were playing
games and everything, and I'm looking,
going, 'My goodness, I just feel like I
could weep because of the
intercession coming up out of my
spirit to intercede for the lost and
for what's
coming.'When
I came home,
I started watching Billy Burke.
I told my wife,
'I want to hear this sermon
from
Billy
Burke,'because
it was a healing thing. He was
teaching healing and he
just fans my flame. The words
he speaks
inspire
me, and I just want to stay
inspired. People were asking in the
comment section—my son told me and my
wife told me from the emails—people are
saying, 'How, Brandon, do we have an
intimate relationship with the Father?
How do we get
there?'When
Diana shared the word
she had from the Lord,
it challenged a lot of you, and
rightfully so. It challenged me and it
challenged her. It wasn't
just that he was speaking it to us and
we let it fall on
deaf
ears.
He was talking to us too,
because we need to come up
higher. Diana and I have talked
about that word a lot lately.
Going to a place of
intimacy with the Father
is not a hard thing. We make it hard
because we think God is way out there. Of
course, God is a holy God, a
big God, the ultimate
in
everything, but he's small enough to live
in each one of us. It's like the
Imperials sang: 'My God is a big
God who walks among the
mountains, but he's small enough to live
in me.'God is small enough to live in
you. He lives on the inside of us, and we
make it difficult whenever we have
all these religious thoughts like
Pharisees. We think
God doesn't want to spend time with
us.
We have all these stupid thoughts
because the devil tries to put those
negative words in; he comes like a
roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
He's looking for those he can
pick
off—the
ones who are
lukewarm, cold,
or
not hot.
Like Billy Burke said tonight when I
was watching
him,
there's a river of water that
flows out of us. Have you
ever seen a fire hose when
the
fire department
is
putting out a big fire? A major
fire hose will knock you down. The
devil is looking to see if there is a
major fire hose, a major river flowing
out of you. When
you are
standing there, he's looking
to see if you have it or not,
because any Christian who is on fire,
he's going to run away from.
James says that if we submit
ourselves
unto God and resist the devil,
he will flee in terror. So he's looking
for
who has that fire, who has that
inward knowing of who they are in
Christ—that
you can do all things through Christ who
strengthens you. He's
out there,
his eyes roaming to and fro,
and he's going, 'I want to see who I can
devour.'But
he can't devour the one
whose
foundation
and
house is built on the solid rock.
He knows whom he can devour and
whom
he can't; that's why he's
seeking, because there are some folks he
knows he can't mess with. Those are
the ones who are on fire for Jesus. So
how do you get on fire for Jesus? He made
it so a child can have a relationship
with him. He made it so every
born-again
Christian has the ability. We
all have 24 hours in a day,
seven days a week.
Not one of us has any more and not one
has anything less, but everyone has
a
choice of how much time they're going to
spend with him today. You may say, 'Well,
I'm so busy. I've got to go to the gym, I've
got to go to work, I've got to come home
and
watch my favorite TV
program.'Then
you have some people
who
go to the gym and look like
Arnold Schwarzenegger,
or any athlete,
but everyone has a choice of
how they want to spend their time. If
you want to be a spiritual giant, you
have
to do what a spiritual giant does. You've
got to get in
the
word. Everybody has the opportunity to
get in the word. You can get your Bible
out, look at those scriptures, read a
couple of passages, and memorize
them.
It's not going to be
a microwave; it's going to be a
slow-cook
oven.
Find one or two scriptures
and
memorize them over the week.
If you memorize ten
scriptures over the
year,
think
about the math on that.
If
you get
those down
inside
of your heart within a two-year period,
think about where you'll
be. Praying in the spirit: I had a
counselor when I worked for
Rhema
Ministry. She said if you pray in the
spirit and talk in
tongues for 30 minutes a day,
your life will never be the same. Then
increase it to an hour.
Brother Kenneth
Hagin
talked about praying for an hour or two in
tongues,
in the
mornings and the evenings.
That's why I've tried to tell you all:
if your
flesh eats breakfast, lunch, and dinner,
try to feed your spirit breakfast, lunch,
and dinner.
Feeding your spirit three times a day with
small
passages doesn't have to be
reading
the whole
Bible. People get on these
religious kicks and say, 'I'm going to
read the Bible in a
year.'Fine,
but did you learn
anything? Did the word change you, or did
you just do it
to
brag about it?
Find scriptures that will change
you. The
Bible says, 'If ye abide in me and my words
remain in you, you shall ask what you
will and it shall be
done.'If
you're getting that word down inside
of you and feeding on it,
that's when your prayers get answered.
If you're not
getting your prayers answered, maybe it's
because you don't have enough word
inside of you. The more word you
put on the inside, the more
you're going to see things change,
because that's when your prayers are
going to get answered. Prayer
changes
things, but it's the scripture you
know that's going to change you.
People say, 'I've got a
devil,'and
'I don't know how to get
free.'The
Bible says you will know the
truth and the truth will set you
free. The more you get inside the word of
God, the more it's going to change you
from glory to
glory. How do you become
intimate with the
Lord? You
get intimate with the word. When
you get the word inside of you, your
prayer life is going to change.
Faith
comes
by
hearing,
and
hearing
by
the word
of
God.
Your faith
is
going to
grow, you're going to be intimate with
the Father, and it's going to change your
life. The Bible says that his
sheep will hear his voice and a
stranger's voice they will not follow.
But you don't know that until you get
inside that word.
Have a revelation of that.
The entrance of his word
brings forth
light, because God is light and in him
there is no darkness at all. The more
you get light—which is the word of
God—the
more you are
intimate with the word by reading it.
You
say it's boring? No, it will change you.
It is life to those that find it and
health to all
their
flesh.
Seek and you
will find; knock and the door will be
opened
unto
you. His words are life
and health to your flesh.
If you are bound by a demonic
force,
the Bible says if you don't fill your
temple up, the devil
you cast out comes back for a
season
to
see if you're filled.
If
not, he comes back with eight more of
his buddies and you're worse off.
The
word is what keeps you free and makes
you
free. You have to have a foundation of the word
of God
in
your life to change you.
People say,
'How do I have an intimate
relationship with the Father?'It's by
feeding on the word of God and praying.
If
your word
level
is
low, keep your word level high. The
more
you meditate on that word, it will
change you from the inside out.
You're going to
hear his voice, you're going to know him,
and you're going to become intimate with
him. Then you pray and you obey, and
the Lord will speak to you. The more
you pray in tongues—if you need to
get baptized in the Holy Ghost,
just pray in English until you
do.
The more you
hang around me, you're going to get
baptized in the Holy Ghost because I
believe in it: the Holy Ghost and
fire. The burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power is on the inside of you when you
get filled with the Holy Ghost.
I practice it too
much. The Holy Spirit dwells inside of
me richly by faith.
Out of my belly shall flow
rivers of living water, and that's what
quenches all the fiery darts of the
wicked. The name of the
Lord is a strong tower, and the
righteous run into it and they are safe.
I want to encourage you today to make
the word of God a priority.
Find scriptures that minister to you.
Find a version of the Bible you understand,
like the
Amplified or
the
New Living
Translation,
so
it becomes life to
you.
That's how you get
intimate with the Father. The more you
read, pray, and
obey, the closer you become.
Miss Sue
used to tell me that if you just
pray 30 minutes a day in tongues—start with 10
or 15 minutes,
then work up to
30—praying
in the
spirit with a brand new tongue, it's a
beautiful song.
That's what's going to change you.
You'll
start to hear the
voice of the Lord, and he'll start giving
you signs, wonders, dreams, and
visions. At the end of 2025, your life will
have
radically changed. Try it for a year.
Find scriptures
for
healing,
deliverance, your
marriage—whatever
you
are
believing
for—and
use them as a sword
against the devil.
God said to me, 'Brandon, I'm ready to
do some big stuff for my kids if they'll
just believe
me.'This
will be an amazing year
for
you
and
your children:
spiritually, physically,
financially, mentally, and emotionally.
2025: believe God for big. We're almost
done with 2024,
but believe him even more
in
2025.
I'm not
worried about what's going on in the
world right now—the wars and rumors
of wars. I'm
focused on you today. What are
you believing
God for in
2025? I'm going to keep on this for a
bit: believing God for
the
supernatural, exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think.
Let's pray. I hope this blessed you.
Let's believe God for
something big for you.
Don't
keep putting off for tomorrow what you
believe for now. Now faith is the substance
of things hoped for and the evidence of
things not seen.
He corrects me all the time: 'Brandon,
why are you believing for
tomorrow?'I'll
be in the church
praying and
think,
'Maybe that'll come in a couple
days.'He'll
say,
'Brandon, hold on, believe for
now.'Now
faith is
the substance of things hoped for and
the
evidence of things not seen
yet. We
stagger not at the promise of God
through unbelief, but are strong in
faith, giving glory to God.
Be
fully persuaded that what God has
promised, he is able also to perform.
Father, I thank you for
the
supernatural.
Everything the Bible says
I
can have,
I will have. Everything the Bible
says I can do, I will do, uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. I believe
today that they are delivered and set
free. I thank you, Lord, that they will
know the truth and the truth will make
them free.
I speak life,
increase, and favor over their
lives.
Everything they put their
hands to will prosper.
This is a time like never
before where you said, 'Brandon, I want to
show up and show off in their
lives.'I
believe it is a
time
for
healing and wholeness over
marriages.
We call your marriage blessed
and
favored.
I thank you, Lord,
for
deliverance
from
pornography. You foul devil from hell,
get off of them!
We say they
are
delivered from the spirit of lust and
pornography in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from
alcoholism, tobacco, and drug
addiction; from abuse,
anorexia, and bulimia, I say
in the name of Jesus they are free.
I
thank you, Lord, that they are delivered
from
PTSD and strongholds of the mind.
From
Alzheimer's and dementia, they
will
have sound
sleep and wake up refreshed.
Their youth is
renewed like the eagles'.
Their
eyes will not grow dim; there
are
no cataracts, no
glaucoma.
We
decree
20/20
vision in the name of Jesus. We
thank you that
the fire of the Holy Ghost
delivers them from satanic
bondage. We call their
ears to pop open.
Even as they grow older, they will not lose
their hearing.
I
thank you that glory is
restoring
their
organs. I thank you
for the blessing of the Lord,
that the harvesters and the
sowers
are going hand in hand.
Seed time and
harvest time is being shortened now.
Acceleration is
coming to your seeds.
Every seed they sow, come
forth in the name of Jesus.
Abundance is
on your life today.
They are no
longer broke, busted, and disgusted, but
have
overflow.
Father, we call Trump to be filled
with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, with
a godly
cabinet.
I thank you
for our
economy and everything you showed me
about BlackRock and
Jerome Powell,
and the interest rates, and what
you warned me about
them trying to sink the economy.
Satan,
get your hands off of our economy!
We have authority
over you. Crypto will soar. The things
God has for his body will soar in
2025. We thank you for
supernatural abundance.
The stock
market and cryptocurrency are
turning
around.
We will not have a
major economic downturn right now;
it
is
delayed.
Father, I thank you
that
Elon Musk is born
again and radically saved. I call forth
regulation over crypto and
I thank you, Lord, that Jerome
Powell
and the Fed will not mess this
up
anymore. The
devil is
trying to
rear
his head,
but
we still have work to do. We call
for
blessing over this nation and favor.
Tomorrow is
going to be a good day.
We call
our unsaved loved ones saved
and filled with the Holy
Ghost.
If
you want to know how to draw close to
God, read
'The Ultimate
Voice'by Oral
Roberts; that
book
is amazing.
Thank you for joining us.
Our South Korean
channel is exploding,
and
we have a China channel now.
If you are new here and speak
Chinese or Korean, go
join
those
channels
so
you don't have to read the
subtitles.
We appreciate
the
support on this channel. Please click the
subscribe button, the
notification button, and
comment
below.
It helps us
get in the algorithm
and
spread
the gospel
throughout the whole world.
Asia is about to have a major revival,
especially South
Korea.
God bless you all, and we'll
see you again tomorrow. Remember to put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you, and we
love you.
Look up, for your
redemption draws
nigh.
Bye-bye.